replace --alwaysYarnPack with --alwaysPack (#27268)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/khaki-fireants-march.md

---
'@backstage/cli': patch
---

> add --alwaysPack as a replacement for the now-hidden --alwaysYarnPack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `--alwaysPack` as a replacement for the now hidden `--alwaysYarnPack` option for the `build-workspace` command.
```

> Added `--alwaysPack` as a replacement for the now hidden `--alwaysYarnPack` option for the `build-workspace` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `--alwaysPack` as a replacement for the now hidden `--alwaysYarnPack` flag for the `build-workspace` command.
```
